jfj dkd lsl a;a dcd jmj ;-; fbf juj

meteorology camera bituminous chimera phosphates
Use your S-finger for the W-key.
sss sws sss www sss sws sss
sss wet sss who sss was sss
sws who sws what sws when sws where sws
knowledge whatever Wimbledon know-it-all
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a
woodchuck could chuck wood? A woodchuck
would chuck all the wood that a woodchuck
could chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood.
Use your J-finger for the Y-key.
jjj jyj jjj yyy jjj jyj jjj
jjj why jjj you jjj try jjj rye jjj
jjj year jjj July jjj your jjj jury jjj
Were your yard sales much better last year?
Try your speed on this sentence:
Why are you typing so slowly?
Use your F-finger for the V-key.
fff fvf fff vvv fff fvf fff
fff vat fff eve fff vow fff
fvf vine fvf dove fvf ever fvf very fvf
driven vertical advent ventrical
What a fine vineyard you have.
Do you intend to play adventure every night?
			THE BACKSPACE

Most of the programs that you use will allow you to correct your mistakes
by using the BACKSPACE and/or DELETE keys. These keys will generally
delete the previous character that you typed. (This feature is one of
the principal advantages of a word-processing system over a conventional
typewriter.)

I refuse to accept either of these keys during a drill pattern. (You
should keep practicing until you get it right!)  But, I will accept either
a BACK-SPACE or a DELETE during a speed drill. (I will remove the white
error markers but I still count it as an error in my totals.)

If you do chose to use the DELETE or BACKSPACE keys, hit the key with your
;-finger and immediately return your fingers to the home position.
Let's try our speed on some nursery rhymes!
Mary had a little lamb
Its fleece was white as snow
And every where that Mary went
The lamb was sure to go.

Jack and Jill went up a hill to fetch a pail of water.
Jack fell down and broke his crown and Jill came
tumbling after.

Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet
Eating her curds and whey.
Along came a spider
Who sat down beside her
And frightened Miss Muffet away.

Hey, diddle diddle--
The cat and the fiddle
The cow jumped over the moon.
The little dog laughed to see such sport,
And the dish ran away with the spoon.
